Add P-R lettered article stubs from glossary (#3867)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Recalculate_Slider_Lengths/en.md

---
stub: true
---

# Recalculate slider lengths

> **Recalculate slider lengths** is a command under the `Timing` tab in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). Usage of this is suggested after a BPM change is made, if the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) already has [sliders](/wiki/Hit_object/Slider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Recalculate slider lengths** is a command under the `Timing` tab in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). Usage of this is suggested after a BPM change is made if the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) already has [sliders](/wiki/Hit_object/Slider).
```

> This command will automatically adjust the length of every slider in the beatmap to the new BPM. It is important to check every slider and adjust its length manually, since this tool isn't fully accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will automatically adjust the length of every slider in the beatmap to the new BPM. Although most creators reccomend checking every slider and adjusting its length manually, due to this tool's inaccurate and systematic nature.
```
